fix: handle open sub editor (#475)
hm21/pro_image_editor: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 9.9.4

> - **FIX**(Main-Editor): Fix the editor name on openPage to fix onOpenSubEditor, onStartCloseSubEditor, onEndCloseSubEditor. This resolves issue  [#474](https://github.com/hm21/pro_image_editor/issues/474).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **FIX**(Main-Editor): Corrected editor name handling in `openPage` to ensure proper behavior of `onOpenSubEditor`, `onStartCloseSubEditor` and `onEndCloseSubEditor`. This resolves issue [#474](https://github.com/hm21/pro_image_editor/issues/474).
```
